# 9/12/2023: 
Currently, I have been reading numerous articles about FSR arrays, as well as documents on Arduinos and Multiplexers. I have aquired the Multiplexer components, but am currently still in the process of ataining the FSR array and an Arduino. Upon gathering all these items, I plan to test the Arduino in order ot learn basic functions before implementing the Multiplexer or Matrix.  
# 9/14/2023: 
I have recieved an Arduino UNO and have now been able to light up an LED with it. Along with this, I saudered pins to a multiplexer and have attached it to a breadboard. After working with the multiplexer with Seward for a while, we were able to make LEDs light up at different times by changing whether voltage was going to one of the selection pins after a second delay. I am currentlly still awaiting my FSR matrix, but I have aquired three basic FSRs that I plan to wire to the arduino.  
# 9/19/2023:
I have attached a basic FSR to my Arduino UNO board, and have added code so that the serial outport can read the FSR values as pressure is applied. My FSR matrix has arrived, but I need to retrieve it from my home before I can begin working with it. For now, I plan to continue working with the FSR so that I have a basic understanding of how FSRs work.  
# 9/28/2023:
I wired the Arduino UNO in Fritzing and then exported the file into an SVG. I plan to update this file by improving readability. The FSRs that I was using broke, so I plan to aquire new ones or aquire my FSR array in order to continue testing.